---
layout: post
title: "DeepRead"
date: 2025-03-12
categories: embeddings vectors ai
---

# Deep Read

What it Does: a reading compainion that you can ask questions about the current book you are reading.

# The Hypertext Codex: AI-Powered Interactive Knowledge Maps

What it Does: Converts static books and research papers into interactive, explorable knowledge maps, revealing hidden connections between ideas.

# Info Sonar

What it Does: somewhere on the web something important is happening, a new homebrew computer club is forming. this app helps you create a map of the competitive landscape.

# AI LSD

What it Does: A tool that helps you expand your mind on a specific subject by filling your mind with the most interesting ideas from books.
It uses AI algorithms to analyze the text and identify patterns and connections between ideas.


<!-- more -->

You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes.

You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

`YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP`

Where `YEAR` is a four-digit number, `MONTH` and `DAY` are both two-digit numbers, and `MARKUP` is the file extension representing the format used in the file. After that, include the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
